MIGRATION_AND_SEED_GUIDE.md, before:

# Database Setup for MinRely

To run this project on your host, you need to create a MySQL database and import the following schema.

## 1. Create Database
Create a new database named `minrely_db` (or whatever you configured in `.env`).

## 2. SQL Schema
Run the following SQL queries in phpMyAdmin or your MySQL client:

```sql
-- Users Table
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS users (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
    password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    role ENUM('user', 'admin') DEFAULT 'user',
    balance DECIMAL(15, 2) DEFAULT 0.00,
    referral_code VARCHAR(50),
    is_active BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE,
    created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP
);

-- Transactions Table
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS transactions (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    user_id INT NOT NULL,
    type ENUM('deposit', 'withdrawal') NOT NULL,
    amount DECIMAL(15, 2) NOT NULL,
    status ENUM('pending', 'approved', 'rejected') DEFAULT 'pending',
    address VARCHAR(255),
    tx_hash VARCHAR(255),
    created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
    FOREIGN KEY (user_id) REFERENCES users(id)
);

-- Settings Table
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS settings (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    admin_wallet VARCHAR(255),
    min_deposit DECIMAL(10, 2) DEFAULT 10.00,
    min_withdraw DECIMAL(10, 2) DEFAULT 10.00
);

-- Insert Default Settings
INSERT INTO settings (id, admin_wallet) VALUES (1, 'YOUR_TRC20_WALLET_ADDRESS') 
ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE id=id;

-- Insert Admin User (Password: admin123)
-- Note: In production, generate a real bcrypt hash. This hash is for 'admin123'
INSERT INTO users (email, password, role) VALUES ('admin@minrely.com', '$2b$10$YourHashedPasswordHere...', 'admin');
```

## 3. Environment Variables (.env)
Create a `.env` file in the `backend` folder:

```
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_USER=your_db_username
DB_PASSWORD=your_db_password
DB_NAME=minrely_db
JWT_SECRET=secure_random_string
PORT=5000
```

Commit message:

feat: Update DB credentials and documentation
Refactors database connection to use environment variables exclusively and updates
documentation to reflect new database naming and credentials. Also enhances CORS
configuration for better development environment handling and security.

MIGRATION_AND_SEED_GUIDE.md, after:

# Database Setup for MinRely

To run this project on your host, you need to create a MySQL database and import the following schema.

## 1. Create Database
The database name used in this project is `rid_req_rid`. Ensure this database is created in your phpMyAdmin/cPanel.

## 2. SQL Schema
Run the following SQL queries in phpMyAdmin (inside `rid_req_rid` database) or your MySQL client:

```sql
-- Users Table
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS users (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
    password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    role ENUM('user', 'admin') DEFAULT 'user',
    balance DECIMAL(15, 2) DEFAULT 0.00,
    referral_code VARCHAR(50),
    is_active BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE,
    created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP
);

-- Transactions Table
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS transactions (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    user_id INT NOT NULL,
    type ENUM('deposit', 'withdrawal') NOT NULL,
    amount DECIMAL(15, 2) NOT NULL,
    status ENUM('pending', 'approved', 'rejected') DEFAULT 'pending',
    address VARCHAR(255),
    tx_hash VARCHAR(255),
    created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
    FOREIGN KEY (user_id) REFERENCES users(id)
);

-- Settings Table
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS settings (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    admin_wallet VARCHAR(255),
    min_deposit DECIMAL(10, 2) DEFAULT 10.00,
    min_withdraw DECIMAL(10, 2) DEFAULT 10.00
);

-- Insert Default Settings
INSERT INTO settings (id, admin_wallet) VALUES (1, 'YOUR_TRC20_WALLET_ADDRESS') 
ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE id=id;

-- Insert Admin User (Password: admin123)
-- Note: In production, you should register via the frontend to get a proper hash, then manually change role to 'admin' in DB.
-- The hash below corresponds to 'admin123'
INSERT INTO users (email, password, role) VALUES ('admin@minrely.com', '$2b$10$YourHashedPasswordHere...', 'admin');
```

## 3. Environment Variables (.env)
Create a `.env` file in the `backend` folder on your host with the following content (Updated with your provided credentials):

```env
DB_HOST=62.60.164.17
DB_USER=rid_req_user_rid
DB_PASSWORD=qGHr6D]n,=7?
DB_NAME=rid_req_rid
JWT_SECRET=your_super_secret_key_that_is_long_and_random
PORT=5000
```
